INTRODUCTION:
Firstly, although this program does what was intended given the proposal,
there is one issue; making sense of the results. This is because the program
only outputs the word and how each tagger tagged it, but is missing the
original sentence where that word was used. This means that the context of
these words are lost, so it's hard to say which part of speech tagger, if any,
was able to do the better job. Unfortunately, since I did not anticipate this
problem until it was time to do this analysis, I will have to analyze only
the words that show up once, and I will only be able to analyze a handful of these.

Another thing to note is that instead of using the COCA data set like
originally intended, I instead opted for Jack London's White Fang from Project
Gutenberg. This was done to speed up computation time, but may lead to
repetitive results since this is only one author.

If I were to do this project again with more time, I would address these two
issues by finding some way to output the sentence where each differently
tagged word appears. Additionally, I would increase the data set to include
maybe up to 20 authors for more varied results.

ANALYSIS:
With all that out of the way, here are some interesting examples I came across 
while looking at the results in context, where (word) is the word being analyzed:
1.  "Grey Beaver had crossed the great (watershed) between Mackenzie and the
     Yukon in the late winter, and spent the spring in hunting among the western
     outlying spurs of the Rockies." 

    Here, NLTK identified the word "watershed" as a past tense verb, while
    stanford correctly identified it as a singular noun.

2.  "He was beaten down to (movelessness) by an overwhelming sense of his
     own weakness and littleness.  Here was mastery and power, something far
     and away beyond him."

    Here, NLTK identified the term "movelessness" as a verb, while stanford
    once again correctly identified it as a singular noun.

3.  "One Eye scooped out (mouthfuls) of the blood-soaked snow, and chewed and
     tasted and swallowed."

    NLTK identified the term "mouthfuls" as a singular noun, while stanford
    identified it as a plural noun. According to thefreedictionary.com, both
    interpretations can be correct depending on whether we are using the
    standard of British English or American English.

4.  "Lip-lip continued so to darken his days that White Fang became (wickeder)
     and more ferocious than it was his natural right to be."

    NLTK identified the term "wickeder" as an adjective while stanford
    correctly identified it as a singular noun.

5.  "He walked less softly among the grown dogs; his
     attitude toward them was less (compromising)."

    Stanford correctly identified the term "compromising" as a noun while
    NLTK identified it as a gerund.

6.  "White Fang, bristling silently, (half-crouching) as he rose, sank back and
     watched the hostile act repeated."

    NLTK identified it as an adjective, while Stanford identified it as a
    singular noun. I'm not too sure which one is correct, but I would guess
    that neither is correct here.

7.  "(Tormented), incited to hate, he was kept a prisoner so that there 
     was no way of satisfying that hate except at the times his master 
     saw fit to put another dog against him."

    NLTK identified this one as a past participle, while stanford identified it
    as proper noun. This is a case where NLTK was able to successfully identify
    it.

CONCLUSION:
To conclude, more often than not, Stanford was able to more accurately 
tag the word than NLTK. It seems that NLTK has trouble has trouble tagging 
"decorated" nouns, or nouns that end in "ing", "ed", have some form of
punctuation like hyphens in it, etc. Stanford, on the other hand, is generally
accurate, but occasionally messes up when you give it capital words or long
sentences before/after the word.
