INTRODUCTION:
There are a couple of caveats to this project like the last assignment. First
of all, instead of using cosine similarity to cluster the documents like the
proposal states, I instead decided to use kmeans instead. This was done for
two reasons. First, the cosine similarity code I had did not work property for
whatever reason (it gives me somewhere close to 90 degrees for most documents
in the corpus). Second, The code I had before was extremely slow, taking up
to a minute and a half to complete each time the program is run. Because of this, I opted
to use scikit-learn instead, which has built in functions for tfidf
vectorization and kmeans clustering.

In my old code (tfidf.py), calculating tf-idf (tfidf.py) works and outputs a 
tf-idf matrix in a dat file located in './data/tfidf.dat'. old.py, which is my old 
attempt to do this project using cosine similarity, is also still here, but
does not do anything but output wrong numbers for cosine similarity.

ANALYSIS:
There are 5 clusters that were generated by the program, each containing 15
features.

Cluster one contains features such as "organic", "food", "hunger", and
"countries", which makes sense and indicates that the essays in this cluster may
be about starvation or hunger in third-world countries like Africa.

Cluster two contains features such as "food (repeat feature)", "logos",
"pathos", "government", and "independence". Unfortunately, these features are
too broad and nothing solid can be concluded about the content of the essays
that fit into this cluster. Perhaps this cluster needs to be separated into
multiple clusters (one with "pathos" and "logos" or another with
"freedom" and "independence") in order to be meaningful.

Cluster three contains features such as "technology", "information",
"internet", "use", "effects", and "multitasking". From these features, it's
clear that the essays in this cluster are about the effects of technology on
people/society.

Cluster four contains features such as "life", "advice", "young", "speech",
"graduates", and "kinder". From these features, essays in this cluster seem
to be about a certain speech, maybe one that was assigned to the students in class.

Cluster five contains features such as "farming", "industry", "reader",
"audience", "responsibly", and "argument". Much like cluster two, nothing
specific can be deduced here. Also like cluster two, this cluster may benefit
from being spread out more across several clusters.

CONCLUSION:
After looking at the clusters generated by the program, most of them seem
to make sense given the content of the student essays (students picking about
what to write based on a list of literature). The ones that don't make sense
(clusters two and five) could probably be fixed by changing the parameters of 
the k means model, maybe running it more or increasing the number of clusters.
